TERMS OF USE
Welcome to Tufin Orca! 
These Terms of Use (the "Terms" or this “Agreement”) form a binding agreement between us, Tufin (“Tufin”, “we”, “us” or “our”), and you (“you” or “Customer”) regarding your use of Tufin Orca (the “Services”). Please read these Terms carefully before activating your Account.

1.	OUR SERVICES
1.1	Accounts. To use the Services, you first need to register to the Service online and set up your account (“Account”) with us. You create your account by providing the relevant details as well as establishing a user name and password (the “Account Credentials”). You may not transfer or share your Account Credentials with any third parties, and you are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Account Credentials. You acknowledge and agree that we rely on Account Credentials to know whether users using our Services are authorized to do so. You agree to be responsible for any act or omission of any users that access the Services with your Account Credentials. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or Tufin has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Tufin has the right to suspend or terminate your Account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Services (or any part thereof). You agree not to create an Account using a false identity or information, or on behalf of someone other than yourself. Tufin reserves the right to refuse registration of or cancel passwords it deems inappropriate. Tufin will store and use your Account Credentials or any other personal data only for the purposes set out in the Privacy Policy. By accessing or using the Services, you agree to the terms of the Tufin Privacy Policy.
1.2	Use. You represent that you have the authority to form a binding contract. You are responsible for all activities that occur under your Account. 
1.3	Customer Data. You may upload certain types of data, including information prompted by the Services (collectively, “Customer Data”) during your registration and regular use of the Services. You agree to provide, maintain and promptly update true, accurate, current, and complete Customer Data. 
2.	USE OF THE SERVICES AND SUPPORT
2.1	 Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Tufin grants Customer a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable limited right to electronically access and use the Services.
2.2	Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Tufin will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide Customer the Services and technical support.
3.	RESTRICTIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES
3.1	Customer will not, directly or indirectly: 
(i)	use or attempt to use another's account or create a false identity;
(ii)	duplicate, license, sublicense, publish, broadcast, transmit, distribute, perform, display, sell, rebrand, or otherwise transfer information found in the Services except as permitted in these Terms, or as expressly authorized by us;
(iii)	reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the source code, object code or underlying structure, ideas, know-how or algorithms relevant to the Services or any software, documentation or data related to the Services (“Software”); 
(iv)	modify, translate, or create derivative works based on the Services or any Software (except to the extent expressly permitted by Tufin or authorized within the Services); 
(v)	use the Services or any Software for timesharing or service bureau purposes or otherwise for the benefit of a third; 
(vi)	utilize or copy information, content or any data you view on or obtain from the Services or any Software to provide any service that is competitive, in our sole discretion, with the Services;
(vii)	access, via automated or manual means or processes, the Services for purposes of monitoring its availability, performance or functionality for any competitive purpose;
(viii)	engage in “framing,” “mirroring,” or otherwise simulating the appearance or function of the Services;
(ix)	attempt to or actually access the Services by any means other than through the interfaces provided by us. This prohibition includes accessing or attempting to access the Services using any third-party service, including software-as-a-service platforms that aggregate access to multiple services; or
(x)	attempt to or actually override any security component included in or underlying the Services.  
3.2	Customer represents, covenants, and warrants that Customer will use the Services only in compliance with these Terms and all applicable laws and regulations including, but not limited to, applicable restrictions concerning copyright and other intellectual property rights.
3.3	Customer agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Tufin against any damages, losses, liabilities, settlements and expenses (including without limitation costs and attorneys’ fees) in connection with any claim or action that arises from an alleged violation of these Terms or from Customer’s use of Services. Although Tufin has no obligation to monitor Customer’s use of the Services, Tufin may do so and may prohibit any use of the Services it believes may be in violation of the foregoing. 
3.4	You are responsible for obtaining and maintaining any equipment and services needed to connect to, access or otherwise use the Services, including, modems, hardware, servers, software, operating systems, networking, web servers and the like (collectively, “Equipment”).  Customer shall also be responsible for maintaining the security of the Equipment, Customer account, passwords (including but not limited to administrative and user passwords) and files, and for all uses of Customer account or the Equipment with or without Customer’s knowledge or consent.
4.	CONFIDENTIALITY; PROPRIETARY RIGHTS
4.1	Each party (the “Receiving Party”) understands that the other party (the “Disclosing Party”) has disclosed or may disclose business, technical or financial information relating to the Disclosing Party’s business (hereinafter referred to as “Proprietary Information” of the Disclosing Party).  Proprietary Information of Tufin includes non-public information regarding features, functionality and performance of the Service.  Proprietary Information of Customer includes the Customer Data provided to enable the provision of the Services. The Receiving Party agrees: (i) to take reasonable precautions to protect such Proprietary Information, and (ii) not to use (except in performance of the Services or as otherwise permitted herein) or divulge to any third person any such Proprietary Information.  The Disclosing Party agrees that the foregoing shall not apply with respect to any information after five (5) years following the disclosure thereof or any information that the Receiving Party can document (a) is or becomes generally available to the public, or (b) was in its possession or known by it prior to receipt from the Disclosing Party, or (c) was rightfully disclosed to it without restriction by a third party, or (d) was independently developed without use of any Proprietary Information of the Disclosing Party or (e) is required to be disclosed by law.  
4.2	Customer shall own all right, title and interest in and to the Customer Data. Tufin shall own and retain all right, title and interest in and to (a) the Services and the Software, all improvements, enhancements or modifications thereto, (b) any software, applications, inventions or other technology developed in connection with Implementation Services or support, and (c) all intellectual property rights related to any of the foregoing. The structure, organization, and code of the Services and the Software are the valuable trade secrets and confidential information of Tufin and/or its licensors and affiliates. Customer must not make any copies of the Services, or the Software. No rights or licenses to or in the Services or the Software are granted except as expressly set forth herein.   
5.	PAYMENT OF FEES 
5.1	Customer will pay Tufin the then applicable fees described in the Order Form for the Services in accordance with the terms therein (the “Fees”). Tufin reserves the right to change the Fees at the end of the initial twelve months period or then‑current renewal term, upon thirty (30) days prior notice to Customer (which may be sent by email). If Customer believes that Tufin has billed Customer incorrectly, Customer must contact Tufin no later than 60 days after the closing date on the first billing statement in which the error or problem appeared, in order to receive an adjustment or credit.  Inquiries should be directed to Tufin’s customer support department.
5.2	Tufin may choose to bill through an invoice, in which case, full payment for invoices issued in any given month must be received by Tufin thirty (30) days after the date of receipt of the invoice.  Unpaid amounts are subject to a finance charge of 1.5% per month on any outstanding balance, or the maximum permitted by law, whichever is lower, plus all expenses of collection and may result in immediate termination of Service. Customer is responsible for all taxes associated with Services other than taxes based on Tufin’s income.  
6.	TERM AND TERMINATION
6.1	This Agreement is effective from the date Customer registers the Account and shall remain in effect for a period of twelve (12) months, and shall be automatically renewed for additional periods of the same duration (together, the “Term”), unless either party requests termination at least thirty (30) days prior to the end of the then-current term. 
6.2	In addition to any other remedies it may have, Tufin may also terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days’ notice (or without notice in the case of nonpayment), if the Customer materially breaches any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement and such breach is not cured within seven (7) days.  Customer will pay in full for the Services up to and including the last day on which the Services are provided.
6.3	Customer agrees to cease any and all use of the Services immediately upon termination. Sections 4, 5, 7, 8, 9 and 11 will survive termination of this Agreement.
7.	WARRANTY AND DISCLAIMER
Tufin shall use reasonable efforts consistent with prevailing industry standards to maintain the Services in a manner which minimizes errors and interruptions in the Services.  Services may be temporarily unavailable for scheduled maintenance or for unscheduled emergency maintenance, either by Tufin or by third-party providers, or because of other causes beyond Tufin’s reasonable control, but Tufin shall use reasonable efforts to provide advance notice in writing or by e-mail of any scheduled service disruption.  However, CUSTOMER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. TUFIN, IT'S LICENSORS AND AFFILIATES, EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE SERVICES WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD-PARTY PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS, OR OTHER RIGHTS. THERE IS NO WARRANTY BY TUFIN OR BY ANY OTHER PARTY THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE SERVICES WILL MEET CUSTOMER’S REQUIREMENTS OR THAT THE OPERATION OF THE service WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. CUSTOMER ASSUMES ALL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR THE SELECTION OF THE SERVICES TO ACHIEVE CUSTOMER’S INTENDED RESULTS. 

8.	INDEMNITY 
Tufin shall defend or settle, at its option, Customer against any damages awarded to Customer resulted directly from a claim that Customer’s permitted use of the Services under this Agreement infringes any patent, copyright, or other ownership rights of a third party (a "Claim"). Notwithstanding the aforementioned, claims associated with any or all of the following are excluded from Tufin’s indemnification obligations: (i) any alterations, modifications, or adaptations to the Services or the Software made by anyone other than Tufin (including – without limitation – Customer); (ii) the use of the Services in combination with products and/or information not provided by Tufin; or (iii) use of any version other than the then current, unaltered version of the Services, where Customer was previously advised not to make any further use of previous versions. Customer agrees to provide Tufin with written notice of any such Claim within ten (10) days of Customer’s notice thereof and provide reasonable assistance in its defense. Tufin has sole discretion and control over such defense and all negotiations for a settlement or compromise, unless it declines to defend or settle, in which case Customer is free to pursue any alternative Customer may have, provided that Tufin shall not be required to indemnify Customer for any settlement reached without Tufin’s prior written consent. 
If, due to a claim of infringement, the Services are held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be or are believed by Tufin to be infringing, Tufin may, at its option and expense (a) replace or modify the Services to be non-infringing provided that such modification or replacement contains substantially similar features and functionality, (b) obtain for Customer a license to continue using the Services, or (c) if neither of the foregoing is commercially practicable, terminate this Agreement and Customer’s rights hereunder and provide Customer a refund of any prepaid, unused fees for the Services.
9.	LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL TUFIN, ITS EMPLOYEES OR LICENSORS OR AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, REVENUE, SALES, DATA, OR COSTS OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, PROPERTY DAMAGE, PERSONAL INJURY, INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, ECONOMIC, COVER, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, HOWEVER CAUSED AND WHETHER ARISING UNDER CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, OR OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES, EVEN IF TUFIN OR ITS LICENSORS OR AFFILIATES ARE ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME COUNTRIES/STATES/JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY, BUT MAY ALLOW LIABILITY TO BE LIMITED, IN SUCH CASES, TUFIN’S, ITS EMPLOYEES’ OR LICENSORS’ OR AFFILIATES' LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO U.S. $50. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall limit Tufin’s liability to Customer in the event of death or personal injury resulting from Tufin’s gross negligence. Tufin is acting on behalf of its employees and licensors or affiliates for the purpose of disclaiming, excluding, and/or restricting obligations, warranties, and liability as provided in this Section ‎9, but in no other respects and for no other purpose. 
10.	FORCE MAJEURE
Under no circumstances will Tufin, its employees, licensors or affiliates be held liable for any delay or failure in performance resulting directly or indirectly from acts of nature, forces, or causes beyond our reasonable control, including, without limitation, Internet failures, computer equipment failures, telecommunication equipment failures, other equipment failures, electrical power failures, strikes, labor disputes, riots, insurrections, civil disturbances, shortages of labor or materials, fires, floods, storms, explosions, acts of God, war, governmental actions, orders of domestic or foreign courts or tribunals, or non-performance of third parties.
11.	MISCELLANEOUS
11.1	The Services are subject to various export control laws including, without limitation, the export control laws of the State of Israel and the United States. Customer agrees that Customer will not ship, transfer, or export the Services into any country, or make available or use the Services in any manner prohibited by any applicable export control laws. 
11.2	If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. 
11.3	This Agreement is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by Customer, except with Tufin’s prior written consent. Tufin may transfer and assign any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement without consent.  
11.4	This Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the parties and supersedes and cancels all previous written and oral agreements, communications, advertising and other understandings relating to the subject matter of this Agreement, and that all waivers and modifications must be in a writing signed by both parties, except as otherwise provided herein.  
11.5	No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment is created as a result of this Agreement and Customer does not have any authority of any kind to bind Tufin in any respect whatsoever.  
11.6	All notices under this Agreement will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when received, if personally delivered; when receipt is electronically confirmed, if transmitted by facsimile or e-mail; the day after it is sent, if sent for next day delivery by recognized overnight delivery service; and upon receipt, if sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested.  
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. All disputes arising under or relating to this Agreement shall be exclusively resolved in the appropriate court sitting in New York, New York. 
